# CitizenDataAPI
Spring Boot &amp; Java 17 API to manage citizen data. RESTful endpoints for filtering, adding/updating citizens.

Citizen Data API
This project contains an API developed using Spring Boot and Java 17 to manage and serve citizen data.

Usage

You can access the API via http://localhost:8080.
Alternatively, you can use "http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html#/".

Some API Endpoints

GET /api/findByIsCitizen: Retrieves the citizen with the specified ID.
GET /api/getPersonListByChildCount: Retrieves citizens with the requested number of children.
POST /api/addPerson: Adds a new citizen.
For detailed usage examples, please refer to the API documentation.


Contributions
If you would like to contribute to the project, please fork it and send a pull request. Your contributions are welcome!

Assuming we have citizen data like the examples below:

json
Copy code
{
  "isCitizen": true,
  "Name": "John Smith",
  "ID": 123456,
  "Children": {
    "Mike Smith": 123457,
    "Jessica Smith": 123458,
    "Sarah Smith": 123459
  },
  "hasDrivingLicense": true
}
{
  "isCitizen": false,
  "Name": "Michael Tall",
  "ID": 123461,
  "Children": {},
  "hasDrivingLicense": false
}
{
  "isCitizen": false,
  "Name": "Joe Bloggs",
  "ID": 123462,
  "Children": {
    "Sarah Bloggs": 123463
  },
  "hasDrivingLicense": true
} ...
Steps to achieve:
Fetch this data from a relational database using Spring Data JPA with an Entity-Relationship (ER) model.
Write a REST API to deliver the data with the following endpoints:
a. Get a list of citizens based on filters: isCitizen, Name (contains), Number of Children, hasDrivingLicense.
b. Get a specific citizen by ID. Return the appropriate HTTP response if no citizen with the given ID exists.
c. Add/Update a citizen. The ID is autogenerated by the system and is unique.
d. Ensure that children also exist in the system as citizens. Otherwise, return the appropriate HTTP response.
